Brother Qin, you and I are brothers after all
That's why I brought it for you to hold by yourself
Do you think the torture tool in this prison
Are they all vegetarian?
I advise you.
Don't make it too difficult for me
After all, my father gave the order to die
We must eradicate the weeds
I want to protect you
But a lot of effort
It seems
You've got me.
Hahaha, what about otherwise?
Sun Qian, Sun Qian
Now that you know I'm smart
How dare you underestimate me?
Do you think I really don't know who you are?
What do you mean?
I guessed when the original ledger was missed
If the Sun family had known the whereabouts of the accounting department long ago
It's impossible to take risks
He attacked my second uncle in the prison
So I'm sure
It must be you after my second uncle's accident
Just found it.
But after my second uncle had an accident
No one in the world knows the whereabouts of that ledger
Only the cockscomb box
And I keep the cockscomb box very tight.
Except for the three of us Qin family
You are the only one who has touched Sun Quan
So I don't doubt who you suspect
So what?
You have no evidence
Suspicion alone can convict me
Yes, but you forgot that I've been to the Guozi ship
I also saw the traitor